RYM2 — RYM2 TASK 1: PROJECT PROPOSAL AND WAIVERS
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT CAPSTONE — C868

PRFA — RYM2

COMPETENCIES
981.1.1 : Capstone

The graduate integrates and synthesizes competencies from across the degree program, thereby demonstrating the ability to participate in and contribute value to the chosen professional field.

INTRODUCTION
In this task, you will organize ideas for your capstone project so you can create your project more efficiently. In order to start your work on the capstone project, you must discuss your ideas for the project with a course instructor. After you reach an agreement on the topic, you must fill out the top portion of the attached “Software Development Capstone Topic Approval Form” and send it to the course instructor, who must digitally sign it and lock it to prevent further changes to the document. The completed form signed by the course instructor must be uploaded together with the other documents required for this task.



It is the policy of Western Governors University (WGU) that student capstone projects should not be based on or include any proprietary or classified information or material belonging to your employer or any other organization. Such material belongs to this third party and is referred to as “restricted information,” which requires you to obtain the party’s permission to include the work. If your capstone project is based upon and/or includes restricted information, you must submit two additional documents with your Task 1 submission. You must attach the “IT Capstone Release Form" AND a signed letter from the owner stating you have permission to use the restricted information.



Projects involving human subjects or the use of protected data will require IRB approval. Work directly with your Course Instructor if your project includes research that involves human subjects in order to determine whether it requires review by WGU’s Institutional Review Board (IRB).

REQUIREMENTS
Your submission must be your original work. No more than a combined total of 30% of the submission and no more than a 10% match to any one individual source can be directly quoted or closely paraphrased from sources, even if cited correctly. The originality report that is provided when you submit your task can be used as a guide.



You must use the rubric to direct the creation of your submission because it provides detailed criteria that will be used to evaluate your work. Each requirement below may be evaluated by more than one rubric aspect. The rubric aspect titles may contain hyperlinks to relevant portions of the course.



Tasks may not be submitted as cloud links, such as links to Google Docs, Google Slides, OneDrive, etc., unless specified in the task requirements. All other submissions must be file types that are uploaded and submitted as attachments (e.g., .docx, .pdf, .ppt).



A.   Complete the attached "Software Development Capstone Topic Approval Form." Include a signature and date from your course instructor to indicate that this form has been approved.



B.   Complete the attached "Capstone Waiver" after choosing the option that applies to your capstone project and digitally signing it where applicable.



C.   Acknowledge sources, using in-text citations and references, for content that is quoted, paraphrased, or summarized.



D.   Demonstrate professional communication in the content and presentation of your submission.
